Implement NamespaceGenerator with BaseNativeGenerator and kubectl create namespace (#355)
devantler-tech/dotnet-kubernetes-generator: .github/copilot-instructions.md

- Use temporary file paths for output testing
- Clean up test files after execution

### Test Design Principles

- **Avoid redundant tests**: Before creating multiple test methods, analyze if they test meaningfully different scenarios

> - **Understand CLI command capabilities**: Research the underlying kubectl command parameters and options to determine valid test scenarios

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Understand CLI command capabilities**: Research underlying CLI command parameters and options to determine valid test scenarios, when generators use external CLIs
```

> - **One test per distinct functionality**: If a CLI command only accepts a name parameter (like `kubectl create namespace`), one comprehensive test is usually sufficient

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Adding a New Generator

> 1. **Research the CLI command thoroughly**: Understand the full parameter set, options, and limitations of the underlying kubectl/CLI command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Research the implementations dependencies thoroughly**: Understand the full parameter set, options, and limitations of the underlying CLI command or library
```
